# Check discount coupons

Through this call, it is verified if one or more discount coupons can be applied and the effects they produce on the sale.

## Access method

**POST** activity/discountcouponscheck

## Request structure

- **`DiscountCouponCodes`**: discount coupon codes that we want to check.
- **`Sale`**: sale information.
    - **`Products`**: array of products.
        - **`Id`**: product unique identifier generated by the partner.
        - **``ProductId``**: product identifier.
        - **`Price`**: product price.
        - **`AccessDate`**: *optional*, access date for the product. *ISO 8601 format (yyyy-MM-dd)*.

### Request example

--8<-- "includes/examples/activity/checkDiscountCouponsQueryExamples.md"

## Response structure

- **`DiscountCoupons`**: discount coupons summary result.
    - **`Id`**: discount coupon identifier.
    - **`Code`**: discount coupon code.
    - **`Name`**: discount coupon name.
    - **`Description`**: discount coupon description.
    - **`IsValid`**: `true` if the coupon is valid, otherwise `false`.
- **`Sale`**: sale information.
    - **`Products`**: product list.
        - **`Id`**: product unique identifier generated by the partner, it serves to identify to which specific product the discount applies in case of having several identical products in the cart.
        - **`ProductId`**: product identifier.
        - **`Price`**: final price, after applying discounts.
        - **`Discounts`**: total discount applied.
        - **`PriceWithoutDiscounts`**: product price before apply discounts.
        - **`AppliedCoupons`**: applied coupons.
            - **`Id`**: discount coupon identifier.
            - **`Code`**: discount coupon code.
            - **`Discount`**: discount generated by the discount coupon.
            - **`AppliesTo`**: indicates on what price the discount applies.

                ??? example "Possible values"
                    - 0: indicates that the discount has been applied to the original product price.
                    - 1: indicates that the discount has been applied to the current product price (original price minus discounts generated by other discount coupons).

            - **`Name`**: discount coupon name.
            - **`Description`**: discount coupon description.
            - **`Order`**: discount coupon application order.
            - **`PriceModifierType`**: indicates the discount type.

                ??? example "Possible values"
                    - 1: percentual discount.
                    - 3: absolute value discount.

            - **`PriceModifierValue`**: applied discount amount. It intepretation depends on the value of the attribute `PriceModifierType`.

--8<-- "includes/responseBaseDocumentation.en.md"

### Response example

--8<-- "includes/examples/activity/checkDiscountCouponsResponseExamples.md"
